#5 Create documentation README in repository (#7)
viniciustrainotti/terraform-s3-cloudfront: README.md

# Terraform Static Website Infrastructure

> This repository presents the use of a module with an infrastructure for hosting a React application with AWS S3 and AWS CloudFront with the possibility of creating domain aliases with AWS Route53 and generating a certificate with Amazon Certificate Manager.

Reviewer: I feel like the word "presents" here feels a little out of place. Additionally, whether a module was used or not and what AWS services are utilized to provision infrastructure aren't exactly relevant to the first paragraph of the repository's summary. Here's my suggestion, separating which services are used into another paragraph and dropping the mention of a module altogether.

```suggestion
This repository contains Terraform configuration that can be used to provision
cloud infrastructure resources on AWS to host a React application.

The AWS services used are CloudFront and S3. If a domain name is provided,
aliases are created using Route53, and a cerificate is requested from Amazon
Certificate Manager.
```

## Requirements

> | Name | Version |
> |---|---|
> | terraform  | 1.2.3 |
> | aws-cli    | 2.4.2 |
> 
> ## Providers
> 
> | Name | Version |
> |---|---|
> | aws  | >= 4.19.0 |

Reviewer: While it doesn't matter for the GitHub Markdown parser --- or nearly any other parser --- it might be interesting to align these tables, even if just to make it look prettier when editing. There are IDE plugins to easily align Markdown tables.

On top of that, how about centering the `Version` columns?

```suggestion
| Name      | Version |
|:----------|:-------:|
| terraform | 1.2.3   |
| aws-cli   | 2.4.2   |

## Providers

| Name | Version   |
|:-----|:---------:|
| aws  | >= 4.19.0 |

```

## Usage

> Assuming you have already configured a profile in aws-cli with proper permissions to run terraform. You should change values `dev.tfvars` file in environments folder.

Reviewer: The first sentence could serve as a disclaimer for this section. I added a few connectors to the latter sentence.

```suggestion
**DISCLAIMER:** The following commands assume you have already configured a
profile in aws-cli with proper permissions to run this Terraform configuration.

You should change the values in the `dev.tfvars` file, in the `environments`
folder.
```

> After change values, execute following steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After changing the values, execute the following steps:
```

```sh
$ terraform init
$ terraform workspace new dev
$ terraform plan -var-file="environments/dev.tfvars" -out="tfplan.out"
$ terraform apply "tfplan.out"
```

> To tear down infrastructure to use below command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To tear down the provisioned infrastructure, use the following commands:
```
